To calculate a cybercurity threat score for the whole company, first of all we need do find threat scores of each department.
So we will generate random data based on variables like mean, variance and number of samples.
After calculating mean threat score of a department, we use its importance level. 
For example:  Engineering and Finance got mean threat score of 50 both but one has importance of 5 and the other pne has 2.
In calculating aggregated threat score, importance 5 will make more impact(250 vs 100)
Aggregated threat score will be calculated by summing mean score of each department and then dividing it by sum of importances.

Case 1: 
Departments have almost equal(similar) average threat scores and equal importance, no outliers.
Basic scenario check for the correctness of the calculation. The aggregated threat score should be like mean threat scores because 
there is no variation. For example: if all departments have score 50 and importance 3, the overall threat score should be 50.

Case 2:
One department has high importance and high average threat score.
To test if calculation shows correctly the high influence of important department. The aggregated threat score should be 
higher than the average of less important departments. For exampl: department with mean score of 90 and importance 5 will affect more than 
departments with scores of 50 and importance 2.

Case 3:
One department with low number of employees and high average threat score.
To test so that it wont affect the average threat score too much since its a small department.
For example department with score of 95 but only 3 employees and an importance 2 shouldnt affect the score 
of larger departments too much.

Case 4:
Departments have big variance(difference) in threat scores, number of users and importance.
To test how it calculates when data is diverse. 

Case 5:
All departments with 0 threat score.
To test how it goes with minimal measures. 

Case 6:
One department with very high threat score but with low importance.
To test how low importance affect the result. For example, a department with a score 90 but importance 1 
should affect less than one with a score of 50 and importance 5.

Case 7:
Big variance in number of users in each department, but threat scores and importance are +- same.
To test if the aggregated threat score will be average and not too affected by big departments.

Case 8:
All departments have high threat score and importance.
To tests if the system can handle when the ioverall threat level is very high.
